add more detailed description regarding user creation on new bullseye (#3577)
rootzoll/raspiblitz: README.md

- Get a latest RaspiOS 64-bit (Desktop): [DOWNLOAD](https://downloads.raspberrypi.org/raspios_arm64/images).
- Write the image to an SD card: [TUTORIAL](https://www.raspberrypi.org/documentation/installation/installing-images/README.md).
- Add a file called `ssh` to the root of the SD card when mounted on your laptop to enable SSH login.

> - Newest Raspi-OS release did remove the default username therefore you need to cread an own user. Add a file called `userconf` next to the empty `ssh` file and add your specified userstring as followed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Newest RasperryOS release did remove the default username therefore you need to create an own user. Add a file called `userconf` next to the empty `ssh` file and add your specified userstring as followed:
```
